I don't want to dance myths from Sunset
Coast jobs I'm here to just demonstrate
my loading system with my movable wall
in my aviary a couple of the
characteristics of my aviary I've got
these front doors whatever we want a lot
fly we just open the front door I've got
a five inside my aviary I call it a
stupid Bob the times are cut short so it
will swing both ways so all my young
birds got used to always pushing through
a bob to go in and out with my normal
traffic bob up top is standard fauna
with a threat bird on the end of my
aviary I've got a loading door door size
specifically for the doors by loading
baskets so those are the characteristics
of my mounted to the ceiling of my loft
are these two 1 inch metal conduits
acting as a track with enough clearance
to the understructure of my top of my
loft to allow these PVC pipe tubes to
act as sliders these tubes are mounted
to a wooden frame with hardware cloth
around it there's maybe about a 1 inch
clearance on this wall to the inside of
the aviary
I've got ropes tied to either side of
the wall they go out of the aviary on
each side
I didn't use any pulleys I probably
should have it would have been smoother
but I've got PVC pipe that is bent and
shaped and brings the rope out on top of
my aviary so and that PVC pipe is at
each end so I bring this rope out on top
I could then grab the rope when I'm time
to load the birds and I could slide this
wall
across my aviary I do have a design flaw
since my entryway has got a little bit
of a recess so that'll be my next
changes to to get rid of this little
recess where birds can hide and bypass
my wall let me load some birds
all right I brought my birds out to the
aviary I already moved my wall
partway so in effect cut my aviary in
half so my birds a trap to this side of
the law and I'll start to move the wall
and shuttle the birds to there for their
basket birds are now confined the
backboard for the aviary I'm going to
now slide the wall and they have a sit
down I'll go right into the basket I do
have another sidewalk can get trapped in
the back corner between the wall and the
end of the aviary and not go in the
basket so I do have to slide the basket
out and reach in and grab the one or two
this with the back
my boobs are ready for a trip I know I
just slide my log back to its storage
position I figure my next my next
version of this wall I might improve the
track and the slider since it is a
little drunk again I feel it should be
nice smooth not quite there like to
thank Jeff Newsome out of Jackson
Michigan crystal wings amber green and
the National white gonna release society
for all the helpful members of the
guided me through my laughs aside and
hopefully I
you